Notes:

AWS DataSync is an online data transfer service that simplifies, automates, and accelerates copying large amounts of data between on-premises systems and AWS Storage services, as well as between AWS Storage services. DataSync can copy data between Network File System (NFS) shares, or Server Message Block (SMB) shares, self-managed object storage, AWS Snowcone, Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) buckets, Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file systems, and Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file systems.

DynamoDB Streams captures a time-ordered sequence of item-level modifications in any DynamoDB table and stores this information in a log for up to 24 hours. Applications can access this log and view the data items as they appeared before and after they were modified, in near-real time. This is the native way to handle this within DynamoDB, therefore will incur the least amount of operational overhead.

Amazon ElastiCache is a fully managed, in-memory caching service supporting flexible, real-time use cases. You can use ElastiCache for caching, which accelerates application and database performance, or as a primary data store for use cases that don't require durability like session stores, gaming leaderboards, streaming, and analytics. ElastiCache is compatible with Redis and Memcached.

RedShift is a columnar data warehouse DB that is ideal for running long complex queries. RedShift can also improve performance for repeat queries by caching the result and returning the cached result when queries are re-run. Dashboard, visualization, and business intelligence (BI) tools that execute repeat queries see a significant boost in performance due to result caching.

Amazon RDS Proxy is a fully managed, highly available database proxy for Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) that makes applications more scalable, more resilient to database failures, and more secure. Amazon RDS Proxy allows applications to pool and share connections established with the database, improving database efficiency and application scalability.

Amazon RDS Proxy can be enabled for most applications with no code changes so this solution requires the least amount of code changes.

Depending on the type of workload, you can create a placement group using one of the following placement strategies:

Cluster – Packs instances close together inside an Availability Zone. This strategy enables workloads to achieve the low-latency network performance necessary for tightly-coupled node-to-node communication that is typical of high-performance computing (HPC) applications.

Partition – Spreads your instances across logical partitions such that groups of instances in one partition do not share the underlying hardware with groups of instances in different partitions. This strategy is typically used by large distributed and replicated workloads, such as Hadoop, Cassandra, and Kafka.

Spread – Strictly places a small group of instances across distinct underlying hardware to reduce correlated failures.


AWS Transit Gateway connects VPCs and on-premises networks through a central hub. With AWS Transit Gateway, you can quickly add Amazon VPCs, AWS accounts, VPN capacity, or AWS Direct Connect gateways to meet unexpected demand, without having to wrestle with complex connections or massive routing tables. This is the operationally least complex solution and is also cost-effective.

The AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF) is available on the Application Load Balancer (ALB). You can use AWS WAF directly on Application Load Balancers (both internal and external) in a VPC, to protect your websites and web services.

Attackers sometimes insert scripts into web requests in an effort to exploit vulnerabilities in web applications. You can create one or more cross-site scripting match conditions to identify the parts of web requests, such as the URI or the query string, that you want AWS WAF to inspect for possible malicious scripts.

Accounts can be migrated between organizations. To do this you must have root or IAM access to both the member and master accounts. Resources will remain under the control of the migrated account.

CORRECT: "Migrate the account using the AWS Organizations console"

AWS Glacier:
Glacier is designed for durability of 99.999999999% of objects across multiple Availability Zones. Data is resilient in the event of one entire Availability Zone destruction. Glacier supports SSL for data in transit and encryption of data at rest. Glacier is extremely low cost and is ideal for long-term archival.

Adding Limits on Resource creation based on budgets
AWS Budgets is a tool that enables you to set custom cost and usage budgets. You can set your budget amount, and AWS provides you with estimated charges and forecasted costs for your AWS usage. Configuring the budgets in the Billing and Cost Management console is a recommended step.

AWS Budgets can execute budget actions (like preventing additional resource provisioning) using an IAM role with the necessary permissions.

Configuring alerts in AWS Budgets and linking a budget action to an IAM role for automatic prevention of additional resource provisioning is a correct and efficient way to manage costs.

Cost Efficient execution of python code:
"Implement the application as an AWS Lambda function configured with 1.5 GB of memory. Use Amazon EventBridge to schedule the function to run every 15 minutes" is the correct answer.
This is the most cost-effective solution. AWS Lambda is designed for running code in response to events or on a schedule, and you only pay for the compute time that you consume.

Configuring the function with 1.5GB memory would ensure the function has enough resources, and using Amazon EventBridge for scheduling would enable running the function every 15 minutes.

Detailed info of Data coming to an ELB:
You can use VPC Flow Logs to capture detailed information about the traffic going to and from your Elastic Load Balancer. Create a flow log for each network interface for your load balancer. There is one network interface per load balancer subnet.

Block Device storage:
Each instance that you launch has an associated root device volume, either an Amazon EBS volume or an instance store volume.

You can use block device mapping to specify additional EBS volumes or instance store volumes to attach to an instance when it’s launched. You can also attach additional EBS volumes to a running instance.

You cannot use a block device mapping to specify a snapshot, EFS volume or S3 bucket

Data Encryption on EBS:
Amazon EBS encryption uses AWS KMS keys when creating encrypted volumes and snapshots. Encryption operations occur on the servers that host EC2 instances, ensuring the security of both data-at-rest and data-in-transit between an instance and its attached EBS storage.

Encryption is supported by all EBS volume types. Amazon EBS encryption is available on all current generation and previous generation instance types.

DynamoDB:
Amazon DynamoDB auto scaling uses the AWS Application Auto Scaling service to dynamically adjust provisioned throughput capacity on your behalf, in response to actual traffic patterns. This is the most efficient and cost-effective solution to optimizing for cost.

Default Security Group rules:
Default security groups have inbound allow rules (allowing traffic from within the group) whereas custom security groups do not have inbound allow rules (all inbound traffic is denied by default). All outbound traffic is allowed by default in custom and default security groups.

Health Check run by application load balancer:
An Application Load Balancer periodically sends requests to its registered targets to test their status. These tests are called health checks.

Each load balancer node routes requests only to the healthy targets in the enabled Availability Zones for the load balancer. Each load balancer node checks the health of each target, using the health check settings for the target groups with which the target is registered. After your target is registered, it must pass one health check to be considered healthy. After each health check is completed, the load balancer node closes the connection that was established for the health check.

If a target group contains only unhealthy registered targets, the load balancer nodes route requests across its unhealthy targets.

For an ALB the possible protocols are HTTP and HTTPS. The default is the HTTP protocol.

NAT Gateways:
The only solution presented that actually works is to create a NAT gateway in the public subnet of each AZ. They must be created in the public subnet as they gain public IP addresses and use an internet gateway for internet access.

The route tables in the private subnets must then be configured with a route to the NAT gateway and then the EC2 instances will be able to access the internet (subject to security group configuration).

Network ACLs:
A VPC automatically comes with a default network ACL which allows all inbound/outbound traffic. A custom NACL denies all traffic both inbound and outbound by default.

Network ACL’s function at the subnet level and you can have permit and deny rules. Network ACLs have separate inbound and outbound rules and each rule can allow or deny traffic.

Network ACLs are stateless so responses are subject to the rules for the direction of traffic. NACLs only apply to traffic that is ingress or egress to the subnet not to traffic within the subnet.

Route Tables:
Route tables determine where network traffic is directed. In your route table, you must add a route for your remote network and specify the virtual private gateway as the target. This enables traffic from your VPC that’s destined for your remote network to route via the virtual private gateway and over one of the VPN tunnels. You can enable route propagation for your route table to automatically propagate your network routes to the table for you.

Access Log and EMR:
Access Logs can be enabled on ALB and configured to store data in an S3 bucket. Amazon EMR is a web service that enables businesses, researchers, data analysts, and developers to easily and cost-effectively process vast amounts of data. EMR utilizes a hosted Hadoop framework running on Amazon EC2 and Amazon S3.

Enhanced Networking:
Enhanced networking provides higher bandwidth, higher packet-per-second (PPS) performance, and consistently lower inter-instance latencies. If your packets-per-second rate appears to have reached its ceiling, you should consider moving to enhanced networking because you have likely reached the upper thresholds of the VIF driver. It is only available for certain instance types and only supported in VPC. You must also launch an HVM AMI with the appropriate drivers.

AWS currently supports enhanced networking capabilities using SR-IOV. SR-IOV provides direct access to network adapters, provides higher performance (packets-per-second) and lower latency.

EC2 Detailed Monitoring:
By default, your instance is enabled for basic monitoring. You can optionally enable detailed monitoring. After you enable detailed monitoring, the Amazon EC2 console displays monitoring graphs with a 1-minute period for the instance.